- [Instructor] Any app that gives a user
instant feedback soon after
or even while a user is interacting with the web browser
can be considered a real-time app.
Think of how chat apps,
they give a visual cue
to indicate that a chat message recipient
is currently typing a response.
Creating apps like these could be useful for many reasons.
In this video, we'll talk about some popular reasons
why you would want to learn to create a real-time app
using the Spring framework.
I like to call this my top five reasons why
you should learn Spring real-time app development.
The first reason is staying on trend.
I'm sure you've noticed
that many recent websites and mobile apps
are designed to give users
the field of constant interactivity.
Think of apps like chat apps, collaboration platforms,
even social media platforms.
These are all examples of where real-time app features
are not only the trend but the expectation.
If you plan to build an app that is similar to these,
then you wanna be sure to learn what it takes
to create real-time apps.
Second is job readiness.
If you're joining the development team
that's working on a real-time app
or has a real-time app in its portfolio of apps to maintain,
you need to understand something about the major technology
and APIs involved in creating these kinds of apps.
Third, new challenges.
Maybe you've never created an app
that involved features with real-time web client
and web server interaction.
Maybe you're ready to do some proactive preparation
for a future job opportunity.
Number four, ideal user experiences.
For certain types of apps,
especially chat apps and cloud-based collaboration apps,
it's not just a trend,
but a necessary part of an ideal user experience.
That puts this type of development know-how
in the required versus just nice to have category.
If you did a search for most popular apps in 2018,
you will see what most of them have in common
and that is providing real-time interactivity
and updates for their users.
And number five, Spring familiarity.
You could learn how to build real-time apps
in other frameworks,
but if you're already familiar with Enterprise Java
and Spring ecosystems including Spring Boot, Spring MVC,
and all the other Spring things,
then you might as well learn how to leverage that knowledge
for your first steps
in learning how to build real-time apps.